and then what happens how it
you know very well what I'm talking about no
I do not see at all you always have
tears in the eyes when gives part
to walk but why do you
go to the one that explains why
your brother gets in the middle of the night
it's for supper trucks it's
saint yan a few trucks but that's
what this time little crazy what is listening
me
I am cop mia but what is
take brian stop your circus
my mission was to filter it
for that I am protected you
I am at free
Oh
ground coffee tea
no meehan we listen to me I did not ride
when you know that I love you and that's
the truth I swear to you god
have to believe me but right now
the urgency is not you and me it will be
rather your brother who left
mow a truck, you have to act very
quick
truckers have more intention of
to let themselves go and even if they
manage to carve themselves there practically
all police forces from
california who will have them after if you
do not want things to happen to your
brother aletti to leon yaping you will go up
with me in this car because he
is that you who can help me but there you
are the only person who can
really help them please
mia is mine
leon Nazis but no event that
somewhere outside of thermal
they will not turn around while is
stuffed with patrol cars then
as they wear out then squares that
leave them all this sector
yes if the police officer even o'connor
number 3 4 7 6 2 I have a cell phone
locate and then you
he must right away see number
two fingers
5-5 6 4 3 9
thank you yes you have it
well we said for me the titles run
on the left will do it right not
feel that you I do not feel either
my stop
it's badly blocked stop we should not
to do without jesse listen to this girl there
we waited for three months after
it will be a long vacation for
each of us then yeah
but but
aniane
Yes
the
no
each of them must clear the truck
and well now and who falls down and jia
vacation you come back she see you you have
nothing
courage vince cable we hang on if
sometimes in an ambulance in ten minutes there
then stay yes if the police officer
o'connor village of massachussets in
leave it is necessary to evacuate by helicopter
pressing high rate of 86 band 145
there is only one victim a man
about 24 years old he will do a job
francs and was a hundred pounds
there are multiple arm lacerations
law
arterial hemorrhage and he was shot
on the buckshot in the aisne
right not carrying you
e
and